Welcome. In this program, we'll update you on the situation of our brothers and sisters
around the world who are imprisoned for their faith. But first, here's an update about
this year's convention. In some parts of the world, they declare the good news regional
conventions are now underway. It's a beautiful program. Let's hear from a few who recently
attended. A lot of the friends have made incredible sacrifices to support the convention here.
Well, I had to negotiate some off of work. We also had to ask for a leave from school.
Got it really early? Every effort you make, it's definitely worth it. You can't put a
price on being here. We get to see brothers that we don't often get to see. Also, when
you're here, you get the hugs. I love hugs. A virtual hug is okay. A real hug is better.
It's a big difference between being here in person and watching online. It's so much
more alive. I love the singing. There's a power that resonates from the audience when
we're all singing together. That really strengthens us and gives us a boost. Also, it's been
incredible that we get to see episode one of the good news according to Jesus. Next time
you do your Bible reading, you really can picture these beautiful moments and see how important
they were. What impressed me is that I've read all those verses that were highlighted
and never ever, not one time did I get emotional, but it brought it to life today and I did
get emotional. You feel like you're there. The spiritual feasts enrich us and strengthen
us spiritually. I think I want to come to this convention three or four times. For me,
there's no better place than being among the group of Jehovah's people. Every time I'm
reminded what a beautiful, huge spiritual family we're part of. It brings us so much joy
to be with our brothers and sisters. You just don't want to miss it. We encourage all
of you to endeavor to attend the convention in person. By doing so, you'll not only benefit
from the program, but also receive much encouragement from associating with many dear friends, perhaps
even some whom you haven't seen for some time. Of course, we understand that those limited
by age and health may have to tune in to the streaming program. This year, a real highlight
will be the fifteen special conventions that are scheduled. The first was held on the
weekend of June 7-9 on the island of Guadalupe. Brothers Jeff Winter and Clive Martin had
the privilege to serve the convention. Delegates came from 11 lands and there was a peak attendance
of 8,602. On the Saturday, 74 were baptized. We rejoice to see the love and unity of our
international brotherhood. Now for the rest of this program, we want to update you on the
situation of our brothers and sisters who are imprisoned for their faith. This will help
all of us to follow the wise direction at Hebrews 13-3, which says, Keep in mind those in prison,
as though you were imprisoned with them, and those being mistreated since you yourselves
also are in the body. As of June 17, there are over 199 brothers and sisters imprisoned for
their faith. Where are they? There are nine imprisoned in Crimea, 39 in Eritrea, eight in Singapore,
and over 17 in other lands. The largest number of imprisoned brothers and sisters is in Russia,
where there are 126. What about South Korea? Although our brothers there are no longer routinely
imprisoned for neutrality, they're enduring a harsh form of alternative service. Here
required to serve for three years and to live and work exclusively in prisons. Brother Mark
Sanderson recently visited two groups of brothers at prisons where they're carrying out their alternative
service. We hope that this situation will improve in the future, and we continue to pray for these
faithful brothers and their families. Sometimes we might think that only brothers are imprisoned
around the world, but we actually have 12 sisters in Eritrea who are in prison for their faith,
and there are eight sisters in Russia who are in prison because of their faith. These dear
sisters need our continued prayers. Also, many brothers and sisters are enduring long prison
sentences, and at times even physical mistreatment. This was recent in the case for brother Rhenaut
Kieramo in Russia. In April 2024, several prisoners demanded that our brother reveal the names
of other Jehovah's Witnesses that he courageously refused in turn the prisoners beat and tortured
him for four days even using a taser. We continue to pray for brother Kieramo and all 199 brothers
and sisters who are in prison for their faith, and we don't forget their families either.
The faith and integrity of our imprisoned brothers and sisters reminds us of the words of Romans 1221.
Do not let yourself be conquered by the evil, but keep conquering the evil with the good. Yes,
they're enduring the opposition and severe tests of faith, but they've not let themselves be conquered
by it. Rather, they keep conquering the evil with the good. We truly love and respect these dear brothers
and sisters. It's interesting that as our brothers and sisters endure these hardships,
they often have unique opportunities to share the good news. That was the case for dozens of
witnesses in the city of Belgrade, Russia, back in 2018. Officials rated 22 homes all on the same
day. As you watch the following video, notice how our brothers and sisters gave a good witness
and maintained their joy. How did they keep conquering the evil with the good?
Early in the morning of May 17, 2018, we were woken up by a loud knock on the door.
Through the door, I asked, who's there? They said, it's the police. Of course, we felt very stressed.
Naturally, we started praying silently to Jehovah. Later, we learned that this operation was given
the name Judgement Day and about 150 officers were involved. When a criminal case was initiated,
all my accounts were frozen and I had to go to various banks. When the staff would see me coming
through the door, they greeted me with, oh, our little extremist has come and gave me a friendly smile.
One of the times when I was going to the FSB for interrogation, I called a taxi. The taxi driver asked,
what is this address? Where are you going? I said, it's the FSB building. He asked, are you going to work?
I said, no, not to work. I'm going there for interrogation. He couldn't believe it. He got very
confused. I was able to tell him that I'm one of Jehovah's Witnesses and that a criminal case had
been initiated against me for my faith. A few days later, I went back to the FSB office and called
another taxi. To my surprise, the same car arrived with the same driver and on this trip, I was able to
tell in more detail which prophecies are recorded in the Bible on this subject and we had a good
conversation. When we went for interrogations, we wanted to show the investigators by our behavior,
words and kindness that we are not extremists, that Jehovah's Witnesses are kind, sympathetic people.
At the end of the investigation, we decided to make them cards. We tried to say nice things to
everyone. We mentioned their good kind points. The lawyer said that he was very worried and added,
I see that you are good people and people like you shouldn't be in prison.
I'm sure that your God will help you, but please, our tour do not deviate from this path.
Stay firm to the end. When our child began, us four sisters ended up before the same judge.
She was very prejudice and negative toward us. She interrupted us. She pointed out that we're
uneducated and she humiliated us in every possible way. And at some point, we wondered,
Jehovah brought us here to witness. But how can we witness to a person who won't let us say anything?
We decided to pray to Jehovah for him to soften her heart so that we might eventually give a good
witness to her. We also made an effort to be tactful and polite. We always greeted her.
I resolved to express kindness by my tone of voice, my words, and my face.
And at one point, something happened. Things started to go completely differently. She started
listening to us and greeting us. While we were watching the video recordings of our meetings
in court, the judge was making notes. And then she asked, where did he read it from? At first,
out of fear, I couldn't remember. Then I said, from the Bible, she says, that's obvious.
But from where in the Bible did he read? I told her, from Job. She's like, what? I said, Job. She
asked again, what? Now my lawyer said, Job. She said, oh, Job, and wrote it down. And I added 42, 10.
When she read the verdict, she even asked several times, Irina, am I pronouncing the name of God
correctly? I pray to Jehovah saying, Jehovah, today is the judgment. I want your name to be glorified
today. I said, Jehovah, please let the judge pronounce your name correctly 10 times,
and put the stress in the correct place because she had a problem with that.
And what do you think? By the end of the judgment, she had pronounced God's name correctly 10 times.
When I was sentenced, I was met by many friends. There were a lot of people and I was given a lot
of flowers. A woman came up to me with two of her friends, smiling she asked me, tell me please,
what's the occasion? You look so beautiful. I smiled at her and said, you know, I'm one of Job's
witnesses. And I was given a two and a half year suspended sentence today. She and her friends were
smiling and they just froze. I work from home. So when my clients came and saw so many flowers,
they asked, where did they come from? What was the occasion? And of course, it gave me the
opportunity to say that the big occasion is having such loving brothers and sisters.
Of the 23 brothers and sisters who were prosecuted, four were taken into custody and are now
serving time in a penal colony. We found out that our husbands were going to be transported,
so we went to the station to see them off. On the train, they were asked, who were all the people
who came to see you? Some wondered if it was some kind of support group. The brothers were being
taken to prison, yet this group was rejoicing and singing songs. Looking back, I feel truly grateful
because it was not easy, but Jehovah sustained us throughout the trial. But there was a moment when
I felt that my faith was weakening. And I asked our tour, why don't I feel supported? And our tour helped
me a lot. He said that you are enduring. This is Jehovah's support. You have not renounced him,
you have not forsaken him, and that tells you that he is with you. That brief thought strengthened
my faith. And I realized that at that moment, Satan was putting pressure on my faith. And I need to
strengthen my faith, not only in Jehovah, but also in Jehovah's presence in difficult situations.
Satan wants to steal our joy, but that's impossible because joy belongs to Jehovah. He owns it.
Then what does Satan do? He wants to hide this joy from us so that we don't see it.
But Jehovah, as a good, reliable friend, has always helped us to see reasons for joy.
They wanted to silence us so that we wouldn't talk about Jehovah anymore.
But in reality, they gave us even more opportunities to talk about God's name.
Don't you just love their zeal and joy? They're determined to keep preaching and to keep their
integrity. They had unique opportunities to give a witness, and they relied on Jehovah to do so.
Of course, we know that all of you brothers and sisters are facing challenges of one source or
another. I'm sure that hearing these experiences will encourage and motivate all of us to keep
relying on Jehovah and to keep preaching no matter what challenges we face.
Yes, with Jehovah's help, we can keep conquering the evil with the good.
Brothers and sisters, let's keep in mind those in prison, as though we were in prison with them.
We're so proud of all of you for your endurance and your zeal. We love you all very much.
From the World Headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses, this is J.W. Broadcasting.